
Global Quest  Company 

1. Find the Maximum Element in an Array .
2. Calculate the Sum of Even Number in Array ? Write the method to Calculate the sum of all even number in the array using java 8 stream.
3. Remove Duplicates from an Array.
4. Find the Second Largest Elemenet in An array Using Java 8 .
5. Reverse the Array USing Stream .
6. Check if Array Contains a Specific Elemenet using stream.
7. find the Average of Array Element using Stream.
8. Merge Two Array using Stream.
9. Count Occurrences of an Element in an Array using Stream.
10. Find the Missing Number in Array of Consecutive Integers using Stream.


Solve Every Proble in Way 
     - 1st Way using Normal java
     - 2nd Using java 8.

1) Given a list of integers, separate odd and even numbers?
2) How do you remove duplicate elements from a list using Java 8 streams?
3) How do you find frequency of each character in a string using Java 8 streams?
4) How do you find frequency of each element in an array or a list?
5) How do you sort the given list of decimals in reverse order?
6) Given a list of strings, join the strings with ‘[‘ as prefix, ‘]’ as suffix and ‘,’ as delimiter?
7) From the given list of integers, print the numbers which are multiples of 5?
8) Given a list of integers, find maximum and minimum of those numbers?
9) How do you merge two unsorted arrays into single sorted array using Java 8 streams?
10) How do you merge two unsorted arrays into single sorted array without duplicates?
11) How do you get three maximum numbers and three minimum numbers from the given list of integers?
12) Java 8 program to check if two strings are anagrams or not?
13) Find sum of all digits of a number in Java 8?
     - Find sum of all digits of a number in Array Java 8?  // int sum = Arrays.stream(nums).sum();
14) Find second largest number in an integer array?
15) Given a list of strings, sort them according to increasing order of their length?
16) Given an integer array, find sum and average of all elements?
17) How do you find common elements between two arrays?
18) Reverse each word of a string using Java 8 streams?
19) How do you find sum of first 10 natural numbers?
20) Reverse an integer array
21) Print first 10 even numbers
22) How do you find the most repeated element in an array?
23) Palindrome program using Java 8 streams
24) Given a list of strings, find out those strings which start with a number?
25) How do you extract duplicate elements from an array?
26) Print duplicate characters in a string?
27) Find first repeated character in a string?
28) Find first non-repeated character in a string?
29) Fibonacci series
30) First 10 odd numbers
31) How do you get last element of an array?
32) Find the age of a person in years if the birthday has given?

Link of All Answer : https://javaconceptoftheday.com/java-8-interview-sample-coding-questions/





int elementToCount = 1;

        // Count occurrences using Java 8 streams
        long count = Arrays.stream(array)
                           .filter(x -> x == elementToCount)
                           .count();




 int n = array.length + 1;

        // Calculate the sum of consecutive integers up to n
        int sumOfConsecutive = (n * (n + 1)) / 2;

        // Calculate the sum of elements in the array
        int sumOfArray = Arrays.stream(array).sum();

        // Find the missing number
        int missingNumber = sumOfConsecutive - sumOfArray